‐ ( crowd yelling )
‐ ( Nanbu gasping )
Crowd: YURI! YURI! YURI! YURI!
Referee: THREE‐MINUTE ROUNDS!
NO ROUND LIMIT!
WILL JUNK DOG BE
ANY CHALLENGE AT ALL
FOR THE UNSTOPPABLE CHAMPION?
Crowd: YURI! ( yelling )
Bookie: HEY!
SPECIAL BONUS ROUND HERE!
Junk Dog: BUT I WANT
TO BELIEVE IN MYSELF,
BELIEVE THAT MY FAITH
IN MYSELF IS REAL.
( Nanbu grumbles )
‐ THIS ISN'T SOME GAME, KID.
‐ Crowd: YURI! YURI!
Nanbu: PLEASE,
YOU GOTTA STOP THIS.
ODDS THIS BAD
CAN'T MAKE FOR GOOD GAMBLING.
Domoto: TOO LATE FOR THAT.
THE BOSS SAYS TO LET IT HAPPEN.
BESIDES, NO UNDERGROUND FIGHT
HAS EVER BEEN THIS BIG.
WHO'D BE DUMB ENOUGH
TO PULL THE PLUG ON THIS?
( Nanbu grumbles )
‐ Crowd: YURI! YURI! YURI!
‐ Nanbu: KID, LISTEN!
WHEN YOU GET THE CHANCE,
TAKE A DIVE, AND COUNT TO TEN...
OR ELSE YOU'RE DEAD.
Crowd: YURI! YURI!
Yuri: ALL RIGHT, KID,
TELL ME YOUR NAME.
THEY CAN'T PUT YOUR RING NAME
ON A TOMBSTONE.
( Junk Dog scoffs )
NO ONE MAKES TOMBSTONES
FOR STRAY DOGS.
‐ ( bell rings )
‐ ( crowd cheering )
( Gear whirring )
( yells )
( gasps )
♪
( Nanbu grumbles )
STOPPED WITH ONE PUNCH.
( Gear hums )
THAT'S A HELL OF A JAB.
IF IT'D HAVE BEEN
A CLEAN HIT, THEN...
( Junk Dog sighs )
‐ HMM.
‐ ( Yuri chuckles )
HOW ABOUT A HANDICAP?
Junk Dog: HMM?
Yuri: I'M NOT GONNA
USE MY RIGHT ARM.
MY LEFT SHOULD BE
ENOUGH FOR YOU.
‐ ( crowd murmuring )
‐ Man: WHAT'S GOING ON?
Man #2: HE'S SAYING HE CAN
BEAT HIM WITH JUST ONE HAND.
( Nanbu growls )
Junk Dog: WOW.
YOU REALLY ARE GENEROUS.
THANKS, CHAMP.
HERE'S HOPING
YOU DON'T REGRET IT.
HE'S CHANGING
THE ANGLE OF HIS JABS
TO SHUT DOWN MY PUNCHES.
LET'S SEE HOW YOU LIKE THIS.
‐ ( Nanbu chuckles )
‐ Junk Dog: GOT YOU.
‐ ( Yuri gasps )
‐ ( Junk Dog gasps )
‐ ( crowd roaring )
‐ ( Nanbu gasps )
Referee: JUNK DOG IS DOWN!
HE'S DOWN!
Computer: ONE...
Nanbu: DAMN, HE WASN'T
BLUFFING ABOUT THAT HANDICAP.
‐ Computer: THREE...
‐ Nanbu: HE REALLY DID
TAKE HIM DOWN
WITH JUST A SINGLE HAND.
‐ Computer: FOUR...
‐ ( Nanbu gasps )
PARTNER, JUST STAY DOWN!
YOU'VE DONE ENOUGH IN THERE!
YOU'RE SERIOUSLY GONNA END UP
DEAD IF YOU KEEP FIGHTING!
‐ Computer: SEVEN...
‐ ( Junk Dog scoffs )
DYING DOESN'T BOTHER ME,
NOT WHEN I'M HAVING
THIS MUCH FUN.
( sniffs )
NO WAY AM I GONNA QUIT NOW.
♪
( singing in Japanese )
( crowd cheering )
( Gear humming )
( Junk Dog thinking )
THAT SMUG LOOK ON YOUR FACE
IS STARTING TO PISS ME OFF.
( Gear whirs )
( Yuri gasps )
( crowd roaring )
Junk Dog: IF YOU'D
JUST USED ONE ARM,
IT'D BE SLEEPY‐TIME
FOR YOU RIGHT NOW.
‐ ( Nanbu laughs )
‐ ( crowd murmuring )
Yuri: HMPH.
Junk Dog:
ENOUGH WITH THE SHOWBOATING
AND GRANDSTANDING. FROM NOW ON,
LET'S FIGHT ON EVEN GROUND,
FAIR AND SQUARE.
Yuri: RIGHT.
TIME TO DO WHAT YOU ASKED
AND TEACH YOU
REAL MEGALO‐BOXING.
( Junk Dog gasps )
( chuckles )
THAT'S WHAT I'M TALKING ABOUT.
♪
Nanbu: DON'T GET COCKY, KID!
STAY AWAY FROM HIM!
USE YOUR FOOTWORK!
( growls )
Junk Dog: I SEE
WHAT YOU'RE DOING.
( gasps )
( Nanbu gasps )
‐ ( thump )
‐ ( crowd cheering )
‐ ( Junk Dog gasping )
‐ Computer: ONE...
TWO...
THREE...
Referee: UH, CHAMP, WAIT.
‐ Yuri: IT'S OVER.
‐ Computer: FIVE...
Yuri: HE'S NOT GETTING UP
AFTER THAT.
Computer: SIX...
Nanbu: THAT'S ENOUGH! STAY DOWN!
STAY THE HELL DOWN!
STOP BEING...
Junk Dog: ENOUGH.
GIVE IT A REST, POPS.
THAT'S NOT WHAT I WANNA HEAR.
Nanbu: FOR ONCE IN YOUR LIFE,
LISTEN TO ME!
STAY ON THE MAT!
DON'T GET BACK UP!
‐ Computer: TEN.
‐ ( bell rings )
Referee:
K.O. IN THE FIRST ROUND!
THE WINNER IS YURI!
( crowd cheering )
Yuri: SORRY FOR INTERRUPTING
YOUR OPERATION.
Domoto: GETTING TO WATCH
THE CHAMP FIGHT
AT NO EXTRA COST,
IF YOU ASK ME, THAT'S A BARGAIN.
Crowd: YURI! YURI! YURI! YURI!
YURI! YURI! YURI! YURI!
YURI! YURI! YURI!
Junk Dog: SO THAT'S IT?
THAT'S YOUR
"REAL MEGALO‐BOXING"?
♪
( scoffs )
I'VE GOTTA SAY
I'M NOT IMPRESSED.
IT COULDN'T EVEN PUT DOWN
A SINGLE STRAY DOG.
( sighs )
LET'S KEEP THIS MATCH GOING.
I AIN'T DONE WITH YOU,
NOT BY A LONG SHOT.
( Nanbu grunts )
THAT'S NOT HAPPENING.
YOU ALREADY LOST. GET OVER IT.
( laughs ) COME ON, CHAMP.
GIVE HIM A BREAK.
LOOK, THE KID DOESN'T KNOW
WHAT HE'S SAYING, OKAY?
HE'S JUST A HOPELESS DREAMER
THAT THINKS HE CAN‐‐
Yuri: WE'RE FINISHED HERE.
I HAVE NOTHING TO PROVE BY
CONTINUING TO FIGHT STRAY DOGS.
THIS MAY BE YOUR RING,
BUT IT ISN'T MINE.
( Junk Dog scoffs )
SO NOW THAT BOTHERS YOU, HUH?
( Yuri chuckles )
IF YOU'RE REALLY SERIOUS
ABOUT FIGHTING ME AGAIN,
THEN YOU COME TO ME...
( Junk Dog gasps )
Yuri: IN MY RING.
Junk Dog: WAIT! HOLD IT!
STOP! YOU GET BACK HERE!
( echoing ) HEY!
( engine roaring )
( gasps )
( sighs )
I CAN'T GO BACK TO THAT LIFE.
( chuckles )
NOT AFTER HE SHOWED ME
WHAT'S OUT THERE.
( roars )
( thunder rumbles )
( scraping )
Yuri: YOU WANT OUT?
( dog barks )
( paws tapping )
( whimpers, barks )
BOSS.
Yukiko: I HEAR YOU WENT TO SEE
THAT MAN WITH THE MOTORCYCLE?
Yuri: I DID.
Yukiko: YOU MUST
REMEMBER YOUR PLACE
IN THE GRAND SCHEME
OF THIS ORGANIZATION.
YOU WON'T STEP INTO THE RING
AGAIN WITHOUT MY PERMISSION.
FIGHTING IN UNSANCTIONED BOUTS
AT THIS STAGE
SIMPLY CANNOT BE ALLOWED.
Yuri: I UNDERSTAND.
I WILL NEVER INVOLVE MYSELF
WITH THAT MAN AGAIN.
♪
Yukiko: I'M GLAD TO HEAR THAT.
YOUR BODY IS
THE FUTURE OF THIS COMPANY.
Yuri: YES, I KNOW.
( clicking )
♪
Rapper: ♪♪ UNH, YO
( rapping in Japanese )
( song fades )
Domoto: ALL RIGHT, TONIGHT
WE'RE BACK TO BUSINESS AS USUAL.
( Nanbu laughs )
DON'T WORRY.
WE KNOW WHAT TO DO.
Domoto: GOOD. YOU EXPLAINED
THE SETUP TO YOUR FIGHTER?
Nanbu: YEAH, HE'S GOT IT.
HEY THERE, PARTNER.
EVERYTHING IS ALL SET
FOR THE MATCH.
MIDDLE OF THE FIFTH ROUND,
THE OTHER GUY
LANDS A LUCKY PUNCH,
YOU GO DOWN. PIECE OF CAKE.
Junk Dog: LISTEN, POPS.
I NEED A FAVOR.
Nanbu: HUH?
SURE. WHATEVER YOU NEED.
( laughs )
THAT SCRAP YOU WERE IN WITH YURI
GAVE THINGS A BOOST.
IT DOUBLED THE AUDIENCE,
ALONG WITH OUR CUT.
IF THINGS KEEP GOIN'
THE WAY THEY'RE HEADED NOW,
I'LL BE OUT OF DEBT
IN NO TIME AT‐‐HMM? WHAT'S THIS?
Junk Dog: I GOTTA HAVE
ANOTHER SHOT AT FIGHTING YURI.
GET ME INTO MEGALONIA.
( Nanbu growls )
YOU SERIOUS?
Junk Dog: YEAH. DEAD SERIOUS.
PLEASE GET ME IN HIS RING.
( Nanbu chuckles )
HAVE YOU GONE INSANE?!
DON'T YOU GET IT?
HE COULD HAVE TURNED YOU
INTO BLOOD SAUSAGE LAST TIME.
NOW YOU WANNA TALK
LIKE A BIG SHOT
AND STEP INTO "HIS RING."
YOU'RE DELUSIONAL.
YOU THINK A FRAUD
CAN BECOME THE REAL DEAL.
Junk Dog: YOU'RE NOT THE ONE
WHO'D BE FIGHTING HIM, POPS.
I AM.
( Nanbu groans )
AW, COME ON.
SNAP OUT OF IT, PARTNER.
DID YOU FORGET
THAT YOU NEED A CITIZEN I. D.
TO EVEN ENTER
A SANCTIONED MATCH?
YOU GOT ONE OF THOSE THINGS?
NO, I DON'T BELIEVE YOU DO.
AND EVEN IF YOU DID
HAPPEN TO HAVE ONE,
ONLY THE TOP FOUR RANKED
FIGHTERS GET INTO THE BRACKET.
YOU COULD BUST YOUR ASS
LIKE NEVER BEFORE,
AND YOU'D STILL NEVER GET
THAT FAR IN THREE MONTHS.
THERE'S JUST NO WAY.
LISTEN. GUYS LIKE US,
WE DON'T GET TO THINK
ABOUT TOMORROW.
YOU FOCUS TOO MUCH
ON THAT STUFF,
AND YOU END UP A DEAD MAN.
( laughs )
ENOUGH WITH ALL THIS
HEAD‐IN‐THE‐CLOUDS CRAP.
ALL YOU NEED TO DO
IS FOCUS ON THE JOB
THAT YOU'RE DOING TODAY. GOT IT?
( chuckles )
ALL RIGHT, THEN.
THINK I'M GONNA GO
CHECK THE CROWD NUMBERS.
GO AHEAD,
AND START GETTING READY.
( humming a tune )
( crowd murmuring )
Referee: THE FIRST MATCH
OF THE DAY IS ABOUT TO BEGIN.
Nanbu: TAKE A LOOK.
DAMN, WHAT A BUNCH OF MARKS.
READY, PARTNER?
GO A LITTLE EASY
ON THE GUY, OKAY?
IF YOU GO IN GUNS A‐BLAZIN',
HE WON'T LAST UNTIL ROUND FIVE.
HEY! ARE YOU LISTENING
TO ME IN THERE, KID?
( gasps )
‐ WHERE'S THE EARPIECE?
‐ ( bell rings )
( crowd cheering )
( Rainy chuckles )
HOLD ON. WHAT ARE YOU...
( all gasping )
Referee: UH, START COUNTING.
Computer: ONE...
TWO...
( Nanbu growls )
‐ UNGRATEFUL BASTARD!
‐ Computer: THREE...
FOUR...
Nanbu: WILL YOU BUZZ OFF?!
‐ I'M IN THE MIDDLE OF‐‐
‐ Computer: FIVE...
SIX...
( Nanbu gasps )
( thumping, whooshing )
( bubbling )
( thumping, whooshing continue )
( man screams )
( Nanbu shuddering )
( man groans )
Nanbu: MR. FUJIMAKI,
I'M SO SORRY!
THE KID AND I
HAVE HELPED EACH OTHER OUT
AND GOTTEN ALONG GREAT
UP UNTIL NOW.
I JUST CAN'T BELIEVE IT!
I NEVER THOUGHT
HE'D BETRAY ME LIKE THIS!
I FEEL SO DAMN PATHETIC
AND DEFEATED AND‐‐
( sobbing )
Fujimaki:
THIS IS FOND DE GIBIER.
EVER HEARD OF IT?
Nanbu: UH, SIR?
Fujimaki: IT'S FRENCH.
YOU HUNT WILD GAME AND THEN
MAKE SOUP STOCK OUT OF IT.
Nanbu: OH.
Fujimaki: IF YOU REALLY
TAKE YOUR TIME BOILING IT,
YOU CAN GET 500 GRAMS OF FOND
OUT OF 500 GRAMS OF BONE.
WORKS OUT PRETTY NICELY,
DOESN'T IT?
( Nanbu stammering )
( man screams )
Fujimaki: TELL ME, NANBU,
HOW MUCH DO YOU WEIGH?
( Nanbu gasping )
Fujimaki:
I'M ASKING YOUR WEIGHT.
SO HOW MUCH?
( Nanbu stammering )
( man shrieks )
Fujimaki: COME HERE. TRY THIS.
( Nanbu gasps )
( slams head )
PLEASE, MR. FUJIMAKI,
I'M BEGGING YOU.
I'LL FIND A WAY
TO PAY YOU BACK.
I JUST NEED A LITTLE MORE TIME!
I SWEAR TO GOD!
Fujimaki: I SEE.
IS THAT YOUR ANSWER?
Nanbu: JUST GIVE ME A CHANCE.
( shuddering )
Fujimaki: ALL RIGHT, THEN.
‐ Nanbu: EH?
‐ Fujimaki: BUT FIRST,
WE'LL NEED TO SETTLE UP
OVER THIS LITTLE INCIDENT.
JUDGING BY MY LOSS,
I FIGURE THAT OTHER EYEBALL
OF YOURS SHOULD COVER IT.
Nanbu: UH, AND THE KID?
WHAT'S GONNA HAPPEN
TO MY PARTNER?
Fujimaki: THAT'S THE ACE
UP YOUR SLEEVE, HUH,
USING YOUR ONLY PIECE
AS A SACRIFICIAL PAWN?
YOU'VE FALLEN LOW,
HAVEN'T YOU, NANBU?
( Nanbu stammers )
( sighs )
Fujimaki:
DON'T WORRY ABOUT HIM.
WE'RE GOING TO BE PROFITING
OFF YOUR PARTNER UNTIL HE DIES,
IN MY RING, OF COURSE.
Nanbu: EH?
Junk Dog: YEAH, DEAD SERIOUS.
PLEASE GET ME IN HIS RING.
Yuri: IF YOU'RE REALLY SERIOUS
ABOUT FIGHTING ME AGAIN,
THEN YOU COME TO ME...
IN MY RING.
Nanbu: HE WANTS
TO GET TO HIS RING.
( heart beating )
NO WAY.
MY PARTNER IS NOT GONNA
BE FIGHTING IN YOUR RING!
( knife rattles )
NEW PLAN!
I CAN PAY YOU BACK IN FULL
ONCE HE WINS THIS TOURNAMENT.
( Fujimaki chuckles )
Junk Dog: SO YOU TOLD HIM
WHAT'S WHAT, RIGHT?
HOW'D IT GO?
YOU LISTENING?
I ASKED YOU A QUESTION, POPS.
Nanbu: WOULD YOU JUST SHUT UP?
I'M TRYING TO DO
SOME THINKIN' HERE, OKAY?
STOP INTERRUPTING.
Junk Dog: HMM.
TELL ME WHAT HAPPENED.
ARE WE OFF THE HOOK OR NOT?
Nanbu: TIME FOR MEGALONIA.
Junk Dog: EH?
Nanbu: YOU HEARD ME.
YOU'RE GETTING EXACTLY WHAT
YOU WANT, YOU LITTLE BASTARD.
WE'VE GOTTA GET INTO MEGALONIA
NOW AND KICK ASS.
THERE'S NO TURNING BACK NOW.
( Junk Dog gasps )
YOU MEAN I GET TO FIGHT YURI?
Nanbu: YOU DON'T GET IT,
DO YOU?!
WE ONLY HAVE THREE MONTHS
TO COME OUT ON TOP!
IN ONLY THREE MONTHS TIME,
WE DON'T JUST HAVE TO MAKE IT
INTO THE TOURNAMENT,
WE HAVE TO WIN IT.
( Junk Dog chuckles )
Nanbu: EH?
Junk Dog: NOT A PROBLEM.
I DON'T INTEND TO LOSE AGAIN,
NOT UNTIL I GET TO FIGHT YURI.
Nanbu: EH...
( tapping )
( beeping )
Man: MAN, POOR GUY.
( chews )
A FEW PAYMENTS LATE,
AND BAM, HE'S CHOPPED APART,
ORGANS ALL SOLD OFF.
NOW HIS WHOLE IDENTITY
IS ABOUT TO BE OVERWRITTEN.
Fujimaki: THIS IS ALL THE HELP
YOU'LL GET FROM ME.
EVERYTHING ELSE
IS UP TO THE TWO OF YOU.
YOU GOT THAT, NANBU?
( beeping )
YOU CAN'T BE SERIOUS.
WHAT CAN A COUPLE OF FRAUDS
HOPE TO DO?
Nanbu: I'VE GOT ONE HELL
OF A PLAN FOR THIS.
WE'RE GONNA WIN IT. ( grunts )
I KNOW HOW TO HANDLE THINGS.
I'VE BEEN BETTING ON BLUFFS
MY WHOLE DAMN LIFE.
SO WHAT CAN FRAUDS DO?
I'M GONNA SHOW YOU
EXACTLY WHAT WE CAN DO!
( beeps )
Man: THERE WE GO.
NOW ALL WE NEED IS A NEW NAME,
AND WE'LL HAVE
A FRESHLY MINTED CITIZEN.
HMM?
( Nanbu shudders )
IT'S YOUR NAME. YOU PICK IT.
Junk Dog: OKAY, THEN.
♪
JOE.
Nanbu: JOE.
I LIKE IT.
Fujimaki: JOE?
Nanbu: FINE BY ME.
YOUR NEW RING NAME'S
GOT A NICE RING TO IT, PARTNER.
Fujimaki: THEN IT'S SETTLED.
♪
Singer: ♪♪ 1, 2, 3, 4, 5
‐ ♪♪ 6, 7, 8, 9
‐ ♪♪ 1, 2, 3, 4, 5...
( singing in Japanese )